[Music]
go find your thinking caps it's time for
five logical riddles that require all
your imagination you know they say all
geniuses are crazy but not every crazy
person is a genius yeah I get that a lot
well it sure takes one a genius I mean
to solve these five logical riddles the
main thing here is to think outside the
box and use all your imagination let's
go counting down from number five there
is a superintendent and some patients at
a mental hospital once they've tried a
new medication
everyone has caught the same disease
they all wanted to bite someone once a
day and it could even be themselves
fortunately the effect of the drug was
short-lived and lasted exactly a week
when everything got back to normal
the superintendent noticed that every
patient had two bites the doctor himself
was bitten 100 times can you tell how
many patients there were at the hospital
I give you 30 seconds to think it over
[Music]
time's up the correct answer is 20 if X
is the number of patients then the total
number of bytes in a week is 7x and the
number of bytes every patient has is 2x
so the doctor got 7 X minus 2 X bytes
and we know that the number should equal
100 so 7x minus 2x equals 100 therefore
x equals 20 number for this task might
seem easy but remember that you won't
find the correct answer using math here
Martin and Peter both divided 10 into X
independently from each other
Martin got 5 and Peter got 2 as a result
what is X in that case try to think
outside the box to solve this one you've
got 30 seconds for the task
[Music]
the correct answer is that x equals zero
and Martin and Peter both go to school
in different countries
Peter divided by zero and we all know
you can't do so he received a two in the
five-point grading system and Martin got
a five on a 12-point grading scale for
the same mistake however we found that
solution somewhat boring and we offer
you an alternative one if we assume that
X is not a number but a line and we
divided by ten then on one side we get
an inverted five and on the other side
there is an inverted two more or less
we're sure that isn't the only possible
solution can you think of any other ways
to get the right answer number three one
patient at a mental hospital was a
pathological liar he was not dangerous
to others but everyday he invented a new
job for himself and claimed he was a
real pro at it the doctor gave him
appropriate tasks to prove his talent
and promised to let him go home if he
managed to cope with the task it would
mean he wasn't lying or making up fake
jobs for himself anymore
alas he kept picking the wrong jobs and
always failed the tests one morning he
said I am a blacksmith I am absolutely
positive that I am a blacksmith the
doctor then offered him five
multicolored chains each of which had
three links and asked him to make one
continuous chain out of all of them
disconnecting and putting back together
only three links much to the doctor
surprise the patient coped with the task
the very next day he was set back home
how did the blacksmith manage to fulfill
the task I give you 30 seconds to think
it over
[Music]
here's the solution the blacksmith
disconnected three lengths of one chain
and using them connected the remaining
four parts number two once upon a time
in a small town there lived an old
watchmaker everyone thought he was a bit
crazy for a long time already he lived
alone and was literally obsessed with
his watches one day he created a watch
that was the most precise and
magnificent one ever made all the rich
men in town offered the master huge
amounts of money for the watch but he
refused everyone one morning he
announced that he would present his
masterpiece to the one who will be the
first to solve his riddle and everyone
was invited to participate in the
competition by noon a whole crowd had
gathered in the square by the store then
the watchmaker took out 9 pocket watches
and said that they had to be arranged in
ten lines of three watches in each of
the shop windows the winner of this
challenge managed to solve the riddle in
ten minutes
and received the watch of his dreams can
you beat his record I give you thirty
seconds for the task
[Music]
here's how you can arrange nine pocket
watches in ten rows of three items each
if you cope with this one so quickly you
definitely deserve a reward and number
one the walls at the mental hospital
needed repainting the paint was
non-toxic so the quiet patients were
allowed to stay inside and observe the
process as the painter was covering one
of the walls one of the patients
approached him and asked him a question
are you holding on to that brush yes why
what did the patients say to the painter
in return
[Music]
there can be more than one possible
answer here and I give you a chance to
find it yourself
share your opinions with us in the
comment section below
[Music]